# goku
Consider the following scenario and create a system with the following functionality to implement the object-oriented concepts turing Inheritance, Encapsulation, Abstraction, Interfaces and Exception. Your results will be in the form of a GUI application with proper database connectivity. A taxi company is considering expansion. The company operates both individual taxis and shuttles. The taxis are used to transport an individual (or small group) from one location another. The shuttles are used to pick up individuals from different locations and transport them to their several destinations. When the company receives a call from an individual, hotel, entertainment venue, or tourist organization, it tries to schedule a vehicle to pick up the fare. If it has no free vehicles, it does not operate any form of queuing system. When a vehicle arrives at a pick-up location, the driver notifies the company. Similarly, when a passenger is dropped off at their destination, the driver notifies the company. You can take the help from the following diagram.  Simplified nouns and verbs  Company Operates taxis.  Receives calls. Schedules a vehicle.  Vehicle Pick up individual.  Taxi Transports a passenger Location Passenger  Arrives at pickup location. Notifies company of arrival Calls the company.  Passenger source  Notifies company of drop of. Transports one or more passengers  Shuttle  Hint for the solution  Designing class interfaces  pu a.Pa ng  a turn trUE the Tegenet e te taies ehari Kiedy detit nbe  reen Therted passenger private Faanger erataengero
